One of the thing about LAMDA expression is that there's a lot of simplifications that we can do, especially
if you only have one parameter is passing, you notice here what we do here.
We have this parameter and we're saying the return type is integer and then we have our lambda there
and the body is there, OK?
And this is the actual argument that we're passing.
So we're using that and multiply by seven to get the cat result or Cat H in this case now, because
we only have one parameter here, we can simplify this.
If I remove this and remove the latter like this, all of a sudden, you can see that, of course,
we no longer have age, but we do have access to this it right.
It is implicitly given in our lambada to say there is a value we can use right ours, our argument to
do our calculation here.
So instead of age, I can just say it like this, it will know exactly what it is.
In fact, if you have it over is going to say value parameter.
It is an into type because indeed, that is what we passed along as a parameter.
OK.
And as it is right now, this will still work because we have one parameter only that's passed and so
we can just omit right away the age or get rid of all of that and even the arrow as well.
And just get that int in this case, going to be it.
And we can go ahead and multiply by seven and we'll get still 21 when we call it here, let's say thirty
three.
There's also still good.
So that is another aspect of landers that only have one parameter.